Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai [music] are
watching the China show. I'm Yvonne Man
with David Ingles.
>> Let's get to your top stories today.
Stocks across the Asia Pacific down and
down a lot. Korea leading these declines
on concerns about elevated valuations.
You have top executives warning
investors to prepare for a pullback.
>> AMD falling [music] extended trade after
its revenue forecast fails to meet those
lofty expectations.
>> And also had Chinese luxury car maker
[music]
Series is set to debut here in Hong Kong
this hour after raising $1.8 billion in
its IPO. We hear exclusively from the
company's president, John Jiang.
And I'm Stephen Engle in Shanghai where
the China [music] International Import
Expo, also known as the CIIE, begins
today as China seeks seeks to attract
more [music] foreign investors and
import more to rebalance its economy.
Premier Li Qiang expected [music] to
address the gathering.
Okay. Yeah, [music] it's
Check this out, Yvonne. So, it's one of
those days where people will need a to
take a break to just breathe in.
In this part of the world, it's like
exhaling through your mouth. You know,
that's how you
>> [snorts]
>> That's exactly what we're seeing. It's
that kind of session right now. In fact,
the open in Korea right now 4.6% to the
downside, worst day currently on price
itself
going back to Liberation Day.
Uh we're looking specifically as well at
a lot of these levered single stock ETFs
traded here in Hong Kong. So, you have
the likes of Korea, for example, like
Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix. I
expect those to come under tremendous
pressure today. Uh we're down about 2%
as far as the Taiwan open is concerned.
I mean, it's tech route that we are
seeing right now. And who would have
thought 1,400 points 50,000 to the
downside right now is uh perhaps the
next level to watch there. All right. Is
it playing out It's certainly playing
out across equity markets, but as you
can see a further decline in the US
futures. Is it playing out across equity
and currency markets as well? Last we
checked, not that much not that much,
but we are looking at many of these
things. It's also quite a busy macro day
as far as uh data is concerned. We're
getting some inflation prints coming
through out of the Philippines. Many
parts of Southeast Asia are releasing
some numbers coming through. On top of
that, we also have some services PMI
numbers coming out of uh mainland China
in a moment there uh this hour. Okay.
Very briefly, when let's have a look at
how it's playing out across some of the
momentum plays cross asset. The likes of
gold, uh crypto is in fact set for its
second worst week in about 2 or 3 years.
We are seeing a little bit of upside
there, but we did dip below that 100,000
level in Bitcoin. Gold futures are
continuing to see some pressure right
now. So, we are in the midst of this
adjustment lower as we speak. The
approach to the open today
A50 futures. Let's get that up, please,
if we can. There's a 50-year bond
auction today of 20 billion RMB. Just
watch it very closely as well. And as
you can see, we are called substantially
lower right now, half of 1% on A50
futures. Dollar China, as you can see,
flat. But yes, we are looking at a lot
of these tech these support levels as
well. Hang Seng tech yesterday, it's
worth pointing out. I'll show you a
chart later on. We closed below this
trend line support, which had held up
decently, but we'll see what happens
today given all the pressure we're
seeing across these markets, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, we might see some follow-through
here on some of these Chinese tech
names, but it's interesting, right? I
think when the Korea exchange on Monday
already talked about this investment
caution around SK Hynix, which is quite
rare itself already having that sort of
warning around a stock. I think that was
already a pretty telling signal of maybe
things are looking a little bit too
frothy here. You add that to
surprisingly these these comments, which
I thought when we were at HKMA from the
likes of David Solomon from Goldman
Sachs and Guy Pig from Morgan Stanley
about a 10 to 20% correction on equity
markets is quite healthy and we're, you
know, ripe for some sort of correction.
I didn't think it was that surprising
when I first saw that. And then things
happened.
>> But the fact that these Wall Street
banks are now talking about it
specifically, I think that was what
really was the trigger. Yeah, I mean,
people were itching for a reason anyway
to to to unwind some of these things as
well.
Uh so, so far what we're seeing is
really the big winners so far momentum
and growth. I think we have a graphic
that actually shows you this too. And
you know, we'll we'll show you those
We'll play those out by to the moment.
But go going into the session today, it
was really where you had the big tech,
AI, semiconductors. And globally, we did
some data crunching in the last few
minutes or so. So, in terms of factor
investing, uh
look at this. So, liquidity, growth, and
momentum, some of the worst winners. And
I imagine these numbers have updated
since the open in Taiwan. So, we'll get
you guys updated numbers. But just to
show you the major themes going into
today is really this risk off, this
pivot out of these big winners, out of
the big momentum plays, liquidity plays.
And I'm really curious to see what
happens here in Hong Kong when things
reopen, especially those ETFs, of
course.
>> Yeah, and what really hurt what we heard
in the Rosewood yesterday, right? In
that in that ballroom was that panel
with Goldman Sachs, with Morgan Stanley.
Let's listen in on really what we heard
from yesterday first.
Of course, it is likely there'll be, you
know, a 10 to 20% drawdown in equity
markets sometime in the next 12 to 24
months.
>> On the near-term valuation side, there's
some challenges. We should also welcome
the possibility that there would be
drawdowns, 10 to 15% drawdowns that are
not driven by some sort of macro cliff
effect.
Yeah, so so that's the macro overlay.
Specifically after that, I believe I
think Jenny Johnson of Franklin
Templeton was at that panel. Right after
those comments, she stepped out into our
set right outside that ballroom. And we
asked her, "So, to you, what was the
biggest risk?" And she was very, very
specific about the signs of maybe retail
investor frenzy. Let's have a listen to
how she phrased that answer.
I always say you have to separate the
market from the economy. I'm very
bullish on the economy. I think there's
a lot of good good uh positive things
going on there. Um but the market's been
a bit one-sided. It's all been about
these large cap growth. It's mostly been
sort of six stocks. Uh but when you have
now adding this kind of levered ETFs
that are focused on that concentration,
that's where I think you're going to get
volatility and you could have a
correction.
Yeah, so we'll watch that. I mean,
especially in these ETFs in in Hong Kong
that track Korea. I mean, they might
actually see a bit of a drawdown here
today if in fact we can continue what
we're seeing on the Kospi. But yeah,
sidecar has been triggered. We'll give
you an update once we hear a bit more
there as well. Let's bring in Ekaterina
Pigos, Axi Investment Management and
Core Investments CIO for Asia ex-Japan.
What do I make with the sell-off? I
mean, can it build in some ways or, you
know, how should I be looking at risk?
until the end of the year now? Look, I
mean, I think there is there's a fair to
say that the valuations are stretching.
Everybody was talking about it. I think
there's an element of chasing chasing
that rally, but it was supported by
fundamentals. So, we've had obviously
earnings delivering. The investment that
has been deployed has been deployed from
earnings, has been deployed from
stronger capital and cash flows that
those companies had. And also, I think
the one point to say is as much as
people talk about the concentrated rally
in those Magnificent Seven, or at least
not seven, some of them lagged, of
course, we know.
And not to forget that
the story was about investing in tech,
but now it's becoming tech investing in
everything. So, tech is starting to
invest in the deployment of that AI
story. And when you look at the rally
and you look at the smaller cap
companies, there's a lot of smaller cap
companies that are providing and
facilitating the infrastructure build
for AI. Whatever that's cooling systems,
batteries, whatever that's electricity,
grids, you know. So, all of those are
part of that narrative. So, yeah, as
much as people pay attention to those
large cap companies because they are the
forefront of deploying the capital, and
not to forget that there's other
beneficiaries in the US economy and in
the globe, of course, we know some of
the beneficiaries, Korea and Japan, that
have benefited as part of that narrative
of of deploying into into AI. So, Yeah,
go ahead. Go ahead. Finish your
thoughts. So, clearly, the the theme is
here to stay. I mean, of course, but
there's questions around, you know, the
timing, the revenue, you know, the
scale, the expectations as well. And I
think AMD yesterday, I think it was
expectations. Not that the company
didn't deliver. It was just expectations
were quite were too high. Yeah, I was
actually looking at the numbers before I
read the story. And it did seem the
numbers looked okay, but then but but
then the expectations were almost
subjective at that point. So, so my
question is the next Well, the next few
hours or the next few days, while the
fundamental story seems solid, market
mechanics seem to be getting ahead and
really driving things down. Is this a
buying opportunity or do I wait this out
for for a couple of days? Okay, I think
ultimately people have to say, "What is
my time horizon?" And longer-term
stories for tech, I think is intact. I
think people If you look at all the the
the deployment of capital, the
intentions of growth, not just in the
US, but you look at China, you look in
Japan, uh somewhat to to Europe as well.
One word that comes out is technological
advancement. And part of that is
certainly AI is part of it. So, the
story is there. The story is is
happening. Now, what is the catalyst for
some of the recovery and quicker
recovery? Clearly, market are watching
first evaluations, some indications of
potentially revenue crystallization on
on the some investment. But importantly
for US, we're looking at the Fed. So,
Fed has been part of the narrative of
why we've seen that correction to some
degree.
>> Right. People are concerned is will the
Fed cut in December? And of course, at
the meeting that they've had uh last
week, you know, they put it into
balance. It wasn't kind of a clear
guidance that they're actually going to
do it, right?
And given there were so many questions
even at were at HKMA about concentration
risk. I mean, how do you I look at
positioning around, as you say, these
themes now? Or do you think this rally
can actually broaden out? I think we've
been waiting for that for some time all
year now. I do think that it's
broadened, as I said, you know,
by by default because the index the
indices have focused on market cap. And
obviously, the big sevens are kind of
the the larger but the broadening of in
the sphere of tech has happened as I
said and there's smaller companies that
are supplying to that to that
building of AI and as I said from
whatever that's electricity you know
grid batteries
even some of the semiconductors. So it
is broadening but it hasn't broadened
across the all sectors.
And I think the bigger questions and
well when will in US particularly
broaden across sectors is certainly a
question about the Fed because of course
we need to see the funding or the the
ability of company to borrow as we know
the smaller cap companies tend to lean
more on borrowing to deploy into growth.
They have less cash free cash flow to
deploy. So certainly the Fed moving will
be important but at one point I want to
say about US in particular and I think
where the catalyst for growth in tech is
they're already there. So we've had chip
act which was obviously the Biden
administration which already has put a
basis to that growth in AI. Then we've
heard of one big beautiful bill which
not to forget they allow companies to
amortize some of the capital investment
in R&D upfront, right? So I think that's
happening.
So and then we have FDI flows. We have
private company hyperscalers deploying
into this, right? So there's a lot of
build out where the tension and the
capital is getting channeled into that
sphere. I said there's amount of
volatility that will happen but will is
the story not there is definitely there
and I think there's there's just a
moment of kind of reassessing where we
are in that
development of of the takeover AI story.
The outside of I think this today's
let's call it a disturbance.
Uh let's call it a disturbance. The we
almost forgot that there was this big
meeting last week and it seems that the
geopolitical temperature has brought
been brought down. How much risk premium
do you think that's removed from the
market and does that help at all? No no
I I think that helps but if you look at
the reaction particularly for China it
was quite muted, right? So because I
think the the trade tensions has become
more of a trend rather than a shock,
right? I think the shock was in April.
We had a few rounds of of volatility but
it's become a little bit more trend.
People are expecting that you know I
think China and US are in a stage of
this
competitive
stage where they they've come to a
resolution but they still have to hash
out a few things and it's an ongoing
development of the relationship. And I
think ultimately that rally which people
would have expected in addition April if
the risk very quickly didn't happen
because I think it became more kind of
this is what we need to deal with for
the for the foreseeable future. I was
going to ask you you're taking China.
We've seen the beta plays and and really
when it comes to sector specific there's
plenty of reasons to kind of be still
optimistic around this market. How do I
look at valuations now? Are they cheap,
fair, full?
For China at the moment I would say
fair. I think they're just above the
averages now so and I think where the
China sits in this structural
microeconomic sphere the valuations are
probably fair. We need to see a catalyst
of again the deflation being addressed
or kind of reflation in the economy
which is again subject to
seeing a consumer confidence seeing
private company confidence reviving. So
ultimately the broader market for China
unless we see forceful measures from the
policy makers which is unlikely at this
stage because the growth is still
staying somewhat resilient we're not
going to see this significant beta
rally. We're going to see a lot more
selective rally around places where the
the policy makers are supporting the
economy. So tech innovation
we're seeing obviously biotech to some
extent or all of that. Some of the
exporters that are
in advance
advance manufacturing and potentially
later stage and again not forget the
anti-evolution beneficiaries. And later
stage if all of this crystallizing into
a stronger consumer confidence we can
start to see potentially
a re-rating in some of more consumer
focused
companies there. Katherine I thank you.
Katherine I Vigouroux there CIO core
investment at Asia ex-Japan at AXA
Investment Managers. We're checking of
course and tracking the sell-off across
Asia right now. You're starting to see
the Kospi now. We're down close to 5%
losses there in Korea. Of course the
tech side of things has definitely
buried the brunt of the sell-off
following what we saw in the US. We're
also watching crypto. We saw Bitcoin
briefly below 100,000 so certainly
that's where risk assets are right now.
We are taking risk off the table
substantially here and there you go
Nikkei 225 is down close to 3% now,
Dave.
>> Yeah, there we go. 50,000 is
the next level to focus on.
As you look at the downdraft going into
the open today certainly we're looking
at some [music] key levels to watch.
We'll tell you what those levels are in
a moment. Counting down to the open of
trade likely declines and sharp declines
going into the open today juxtaposed
with a beautiful morning here in Hong
Kong. The opening bell 15 minutes away.
Shanghai, Shenzhen and here in Hong
Kong. This is the China show. Good
morning.
All right, markets are selling off.
We'll see how China fares in in the face
of all this right now. On your agenda
today we'll talk about of course the
50-year CGB sale. Li Qiang he is going
to be speaking in Shanghai at the China
International Import Expo where Steve is
at. So we'll look out for that speech
here and also a big trading debut here
in Hong Kong. We're talking about Seres
this of course the EV maker. They're
partnered with Huawei and the like here.
So we'll see how that fares in a time
when things are looking pretty volatile
across risk assets here today. Tracking
the currency there's a bit of a dip
there as well and tech, crypto, gold,
banks all in focus in terms of sectors
here today. We do have earnings coming
through from Hong Kong Exchange.
>> Yeah, that's going to come out around
noon based on historical releases and as
it has been a banner year and you know
Yvonne was just talking to
Bonnie Chan of course and the amount of
money raised but yes turnover as well.
So a lot of that will be in focus and
how they also frame the next few months
and quarters ahead. Now really back to
the here and now half of 1% to the
downside of course there is another big
conference of course that we're
tracking.
>> Yeah, we're we're waiting for Li Qiang
to speak here at the China International
Import Expo and our chief North Asia
correspondent Stephen Engel is there
joining us live from the venue. Steve,
what's on tap today?
Well, I'm everywhere Yvonne and David
obviously. We were there in Chongqing
for the Seres exclusive interview which
we'll be talking about shortly. We were
at APEC and now we are at CIIE in
Shanghai. The eighth annual one that
essentially Xi Jinping set up in 2018 to
in part alleviate some of the concern
about that trade surplus of China no
doubt with its major trading partners.
That is likely to again hit a record as
this year after last year's record of
course because China has really been
leaning on its exports to propel its
growth as domestic consumption has been
sort of tepid. Obviously that's
something that we're likely to hear from
Li Qiang talking about boosting
consumption. We've seen over the last
couple of weeks more plans and programs
to essentially boost households
percentage of GDP the consumption angle
which has been lagging as the you know
the domestic demand story has been
fairly weak through a fairly stagnant
economy no doubt. So that's something
we're going to be looking out for and
that's what the Chinese are absolutely
um
prioritizing right now. Boost domestic
consumption. Now we are coming off the
APEC meeting between Xi Jinping and
Donald Trump where they did come
together for a trade truce. There wasn't
some big bang agreement that they both
signed but China is resuming its import
of soybeans. The one thing that was left
off that Donald Trump alluded to before
the meeting was those Blackwell advanced
AI accelerators which Donald Trump
essentially said it could be on the
table. I think he was convinced
otherwise by the more hawkish members of
his cabinet essentially saying no that's
national security so it was not
discussed with Xi Jinping. That would
have helped alleviate a little bit
obviously that trade imbalance with the
United States if China was going to
start importing the most advanced AI
chips from Nvidia but again baby steps
forward for China-US relations on the
economic front.
Steve, talk to us about this listing
today and the conversation you had.
Yeah, so Seres which has the AITO brand
which was the number one brand for the
car the M9 in the luxury segment above
500,000 RMB. So the M9 sells for about
70,000 US dollars. We were just talking
about this anti-involution campaign to
essentially end the price war the race
to the bottom in the industrial
overcapacity here in China. Well,
according to John Jiang who's the
president who talked to us in Chongqing
exclusively at their third and biggest
factory essentially they've not had to
lower their prices at all because
they're at a price point that they can
still have some pricing power and also
their main partner is Huawei which
essentially sells the premium handsets
and they also provide a lot of the
telematics and the ADS the advanced
driver assistant software. And so it's
essentially a Huawei car a Huawei phone
on wheels. So they've been able to have
this kind of pricing power. So we did a
lot of different interviews with John
Jiang over the course of a couple of
days. They're going to be listing
they're going to be using their proceeds
to also go beyond the China market where
they beat Mercedes they beat BMW in the
luxury segment in this market. They want
to go to the Middle East. I think the
West markets right now a little bit a
little more sketchy. Definitely the
United States not in the plans but again
they do want to go global. So obviously
tune into our exclusive coverage of that
series Hong Kong listing
that of course follows you know several
years ago when they listed here in
Shanghai.
Fantastic Steve. Yep, we'll be looking
forward to that and hopefully our
viewers too. Stephen Angle there our
chief North Asia correspondent. Just
going into yeah, the open today. Let's
have a look at where we are market-wise.
So, we're just looking at
the Nikkei 225 just to call your
attention to that too. Well, obviously
number one is the stock. The debut today
is not immune to this downturn we're
seeing across the region. We're down 2%.
As you can see Nikkei's now taken out
50,000 to the downside 3.6% KOSPI's down
over 5% and how that's showing up here
in Hong Kong.
Are again likely going to be
double-digit declines in a lot of these
leveraged There you go. 15% down on SK
Hynix in the pre-markets today and how
that's playing out across the benchmarks
right now. Not as much as the big
winners like KOSPI and the Nikkei, but
still some declines going into the open
today. Hang Seng Tech showing up on your
screen very shortly. We're down about 1%
on that. Not as bad, but still bad. This
is the China show.
Okay, welcome back. We're continuing to
follow this sell-off that we're seeing
to varying degrees. It's really really
bad in Korea, somewhat bad
in Japan, not so much and that's
relatively we're down only 2% and that's
relatively speaking of course. That was
enough that to take us through this
trend line support level. We closed
below that and we're continuing to see
declines in Hang Seng Tech even more so
in in the opening minutes.
>> Yeah, where you're seeing it is really
in the soul here right now. Take a look
at how this meltdown that we're seeing
on the KOSPI and when it comes to the
likes of Samsung, SK Hynix, those are
seeing significant downside here today
and you're seeing it in some of these
sort of Hong Kong leveraged ETFs that do
track of course these stocks, right?
Take a look at SK Hynix we're down 15%.
Keep in mind it was just two days ago
the Korea exchange came through with an
investment caution around that stock as
well after what 70% gains in the last
quarter. So, certainly there is that
concern that maybe things have gone a
little bit too far when it comes to this
whole AI play. So, there you go. We're
watching the chip stocks very very
closely here today. And yeah, what else
are we watching out for? China Tech of
course.
>> China Tech yeah, Alibaba overnight
Tencent I think Meituan also getting an
upgrade. It's not showing up today for
as far as the analysts call is concerned
there on me I think it was a red tape
that came out with an upgrade there.
2.6% and SMIC to the downside. We are
set for the worst week for crypto asset
looking at the Bloomberg Galaxy Crypto
Index we're down 15% [music]
first two days of the week. It's playing
out across many of these Bitcoin ETFs
plus the crypto equity debuts today. And
speaking of debuts there we go 2% on
Series Group. The opening bell is coming
up next. This is [music] the China show.
>> [music]
>> But the reality is China's the second
[music] most liquid market in the world
and asset managers are going to want
exposure.
So, in times a little tougher maybe
they'll be underweight and maybe it'll
be beta and more passively held, but
when the animal spirits [music] are
kicking in and when there is clear
advantage being struck by winning
companies, they want alpha.
Hong Kong as you know is the most active
IPO market in the world. Mhm. Quite
extraordinary.
>> Yeah. And that's going to continue and
it's across industries. So, if you are
an investor and you're interested in
[music] one piece, robotics or AI or EV
or maybe gold, metals
>> Yeah. you have you have opportunity
across sectors.
Morgan Stanley CEO Ted Pick there
speaking with us at of course the HKMA
Global Financial Leaders Investment
Summit here in Hong Kong. And really he
said India needs to take a page out of
China here when it comes to of course
building these big winners. [music]
Industrial policy. Industrial policy is
what maybe that democracy needs here to
really kind of us have these standouts
in the in their equity market. But
certainly today, you know, we got to
kind of push sort of the optimism aside
because really we're focusing on really
what's happening here regionally here.
And what we're seeing from some of the
sell-off overnight when it comes to
tech, when it comes to crypto, that
certainly is filtering through here in
the China open. CSI 300 we're down about
1%. So, this drawdown we are seeing
across mainland markets here today. You
are seeing when it comes that 30-year
yield it is bid up here. Yields are up
down two basis points, but bonds are bid
up. Again, we're watching very closely
the tech space, right? So, you are
watching the the likes of Capricorn
Technologies we're down some 2%. So,
even the China chips are not doing too
well here today. CATL A shares also down
about 1%. This is coming at a time when
you see the KOSPI of course that sidecar
that was triggered there. So, certainly
we're watching very closely where you
know, we're going to see the most in
terms of the selling, right? And it
really has pertain around the chip
stocks the likes of SK Hynix, Samsung
there. Take a look at how Hong Kong is
faring because obviously HS Tech is
going to be the one where we might be
the most vulnerable to some sort of
sell-off. There you go. We're down 2 and
1/2% for HS Tech now and you've seen the
likes of Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent,
Xiaomi. They're basically all down about
2% or more this morning. So, there is
certainly that that question about AI
and and frothy, you know, valuations. We
certainly heard that from the likes of
Ted Pick, the likes of David Solomon at
the HKMA event. That seems to be what
maybe led to maybe that excuse for
investors to kind of at least take some
profits when it comes to the whole AI
trade here. So, that's why we're seeing
that this sell-off for the most part.
But yes, it's going to be about those
leveraged ETFs that we're seeing here in
Hong Kong that do track those big Korean
names, right? You take a look at
Samsung, take a look at SK Hynix. We saw
double-digit losses when it came to SK
Hynix here in the pre-market and we also
have that trading debut if we still have
it here right now. Series, right? This
is the eighth largest listing we've seen
this year that's raising more than a
billion dollars. May not be the best day
for the first day of school here amidst
all the sell-off here right now, David.
Yeah, that
they wouldn't have known though
unless they were really really in the
the early tea leaves going when they
picked that trading debut. But yes,
we'll look at that. It was down last we
checked there
on Series, right? But it you know, it's
understandable given
if you're long Korean markets by the
way, just my suggestion is close your
eyes now. There we go. This is the
biggest single day drop
in Korean equity markets. You look at
the main benchmark KOSPI index at about
6%. This is the biggest drop on the
KOSPI. We've now surpassed the drop
during liberation day. This is not the
biggest drop except for the biggest drop
going back
August of 20 24. I'm looking at the
KOSDAQ index.
We're down even further there.
We're looking at Well, that's the KOSPI
200 which is a bit the large caps. On
KOSDAQ we're down about 1,600 stocks
of the nearly 1,800. So, that's about
what? That's about 87-88%
in terms of market breadth and some of
the ETFs listed here in Hong Kong that
Yvonne was alluding to earlier coming up
on your screens. Well, 2x up, 2x down,
2x down. That's pretty good you can get.
20% down on SK Hynix 2x leverage ETF
here and listed here in Hong Kong. Yep.
So, we mentioned about sidecar. I mean
basically South Korea authorities
decided to really halt these sell orders
for the program trading here for the
first time since of course as we talked
about liberation day. So, let's bring in
our guest Jooman Shin, deputy head of
Korea research at CLSA. Jooman, it's
great to have you on the program. Thanks
so much for joining us.
Tell us what's really going on. Is this
the beginning of a of a serious
correction or what do you make of it?
Well,
I think it's not
beginning of the serious correction. I
think there this is a healthy correction
I would say cuz there have been
you know, ongoing concerns on the AI and
you know, KOSPI obviously have done a
very
strong performance in October and with
that we have had the APEC summit last
week which removed the uncertainties
around the tariff concerns. So, I think
overall
there's lack of catalysts in the near
term whereas the all the positives were
well reflected and known in the market.
So, I think that have led to this type
of sell-off and you know, if you look at
the recent few trading days the breadth
of the market strength was not really
wide. It was concentrated on a couple of
stocks including SK Hynix which is down
quite substantially today, but I think
it's more of a correction that we need
um
to kind of consolidate and see to
look through and you know, look for our
additional further uptrend
going forward.
Jooman, great context. This is this is
David by the way. So, what's the advice
to clients today?
Well, if we look back
the
performance of SK Hynix for instance in
the past
six up cycle close since GFC, actually
you know, if you think that the up cycle
is not over, then SK Hynix on average
outperform KOSPI by 234%
on average in the six times of an up
cycle. So,
I would recommend investors to rather
add more of semi names rather than
you know, panic sell at this point.
Jooman, what what are going to be the
next catalyst to watch?
I think most would look at Nvidia. I
mean [clears throat] they report on
November 19th. What what are you looking
at in terms of near term catalyst in
this market now?
Well,
there's not much of a near term catalyst
cuz the catalysts are well known and the
Korean auto chip makers have mostly came
up with their
results recently. So, I think we'll just
need to see how the big tech in the US
report and what the commentary from
there as well. As you've mentioned
Nvidia for instance and then
see how the narrative change but then we
should also look at the
export trend and what the big tech
companies mentioned about their capex
and you know, their demand on on the
semiconductors in the coming months.
Johnnie, we you know, Korean regulators
tend to be extra careful and extra
active when you know, typically when we
get these major market moves.
You know, we all know of course the
narratives around some of the flows
coming here to Hong Kong some of the
products. Are you should we expect
regulators to be more vocal
over the near term given what's been
happening? What are you expecting to
hear and see if any?
Yeah, so actually we are looking for
some catalyst on the policy side. So,
for instance the Korean government have
announced that they would have the
dividend income tax cut which is
expected to be announced in early
December and then there are talks of
mandatory treasury share cancellation
which is expected to go through the
National Assembly as well. So, like all
these
government policy driven support on the
Korean equity market is still there and
you know, if you look at the
Cospi performance actually was mostly
driven by the exports and the semis and
the and the shipbuilders etc. The
cyclical and the major exporters within
Cospi rather than the tailwind coming
from the government policy side which I
think will start to materialize starting
December. So, I think that could be
another catalyst to
support the index.
Johnnie, is there
is the advice to stay invested? If so,
what part of the market do you think is
still safe and and is there now reason
to rotate into more defensive side
pockets of the market now?
Well, actually if you think about banks
for instance, they haven't really been
performing that well on relative basis
although they have been holding up quite
well. So, now I think investors are
looking for some safe haven and you
know, in the near term maybe you know,
with the upcoming 4K results in early
next year
the banks will be announcing updated
shareholder return policy. So, that will
be another catalyst to drive the shares
further. I think
you know, maybe if you want to look into
defensives banks could be one of the
sectors that you can
rotate into cuz I think you know, with
the macro recovery and domestic
consumption recovery I think the credit
costs are and asset quality should be
improving heading into 2026. So, I think
that will be a catalyst for the
banks
if investors are interested in looking
for some defensive plays.
Johnnie, thank you Johnnie Shim there
deputy head of Korea research at CLSA.
Thanks for joining us right now. As we
see continue to see this drought out in
Korea we're also watching some of the
more riskier parts of this market and
that is of course crypto. As we talk
about we're sub 100,000 for Bitcoin now
and we are seeing it in some of these
crypto stocks like boy down some 8%
Dave. Yeah, you know, this big listing
that's here today might not be the
perfect timing but you know, a timing
when to list is more really an art. I
mean pricing it is more than an art than
the timing itself. We're down 5% on
Seres today. So, this is the maker of
China's best selling luxury
vehicles says it it's it remains in a
very strong partnership with Huawei
despite US sanctions on the tech company
that's really transformed its brand here
and as the company does make its make
its debut here in Hong Kong today its
group president John Zhang told us more
about really what their ambitions are
moving forward.
By end of this year we going to put some
products
in the Middle East for the first for the
first time that's the premium Chinese
premium EV go out. Like the M9? M9 yeah.
Where Saudi Arabia, UAE? UAE. UAE. Yeah.
We're not going to expand like every
country all the over the night. That's
not
real but it's
we going to go one by one places to make
sure that every country we go to
we deliver the exactly the same
functions
the same services to my customers.
We don't want to
go abroad and then cut this cut that.
So, that's unfair. That's so every
market we when we go we do the exactly
the Chinese version. Would that be an
export product then not made there? It
will start with export. But eventually
you could be possibly making it in the
Middle East. Yeah. Yeah, it depends.
Where else are you looking because
obviously the biggest car markets in
addition to China are the United States
and Europe. You have origins in the
United States in California. What
given the tariff war that's happening
right now and the protectionism, what
are your views on the US market?
Well, US market we
to be honest we rarely consider.
It's been
very far across the Pacific.
So, we started with the Not very
welcoming. We start with neighbors.
Okay.
Yeah. How do you answer the question if
there are those when they're [snorts]
raised about your association with
Huawei? We all know that Huawei has been
sanctioned by the United States. It has
some red flags. How do you deal with
that question?
We are good
we are good partners.
We partnered up in the difficult times.
We going to help each other and from
what we did in China
accomplished.
So, this is a cross-border cooperation.
We used to be a traditional car
manufacturer. Huawei used to be a
you know, the communication and the cell
phone company. So,
in the past the these two
industries are nothing to do with each
other but nowadays we partnered up and
we're working together to build the next
generations EV car and the and the
intelligent cars as well. So,
it has to be this way.
For car companies itself it's very
difficult
to move like us for years what we did
today
and it's also very difficult for
companies like a
I mean the cell phone companies
to overnight shift to car manufacturing
is also very difficult. So, this
partnership is a
it's a innovate I think.
Were you surprised how quickly your
brand went to number one?
We were. I was. I was like what is Aito?
Ah, it's it's basically Harmony OS. It's
Huawei on wheels. Oh, is it? What is
Aito? What is Seres?
It's not a household name. Mhm.
Um
we are not surprised. We're pleased to
see that because the first day when we
shaking hands
decided to work together we're aiming
for something. Not uh
build something to sell
because companies like Huawei and like
us we have no we have no room to buy
in 2020.
It was a very difficult time.
So, uh for
it's a very difficult for Huawei a time
as well. So, we aiming for the
best
EV cars.
That was Seres president John Zhang
speaking exclusively with of course our
Stephen Engle there on this well, this
very special day of course with the
debut of the company. Well, speaking of
we're not done Hong Kong exchange is not
done certainly. They're coming out with
earnings by the way in case you missed
that. So, tomorrow interesting timing
two companies somewhat related I believe
in the same industry. There we go James
Pong and Tony Han Pony.ai and WeRide
respectively
we'll be hearing from them as they gear
up to list of course here in Hong Kong.
You can catch those interviews right
here on the China show at the times on
your screen. So, stay tuned for those
ones coming up.
>> Yeah, let's take you live now to
pictures in Richmond, Virginia in the US
where we're hearing Democrat Abigail
Spanberger has won the race for governor
there in the state and certainly this is
going to be quite interesting. Of course
Virginia has been seen as a bellwether
for the 2026 midterm elections and her
victory really marking a reversal from
the rise of the former governor Glenn
Youngkin back in 2021. She is seen as in
a way a rejection of Trump's policies.
She's talked about tariffs government
shutdown really bringing a lot of
uncertainty to her state and her win
potentially helping the Democrats in the
state who seek the redraw the state's
congressional district there. So, there
you go. Spanberger there talking to the
crowd and it is a bit of a historic win
as well. Spanberger will be the first
female governor in Virginia's history.
This is Bloomberg.
Well, Democrat Abigail Spanberger has
been voted and elected governor [music]
in Virginia and a vote seen as a
bellwether for the 2026 midterms. Ballot
boxes meanwhile are still open in New
York. We're tracking several races all
across the country there but in New York
specifically where socialist Democrat
Zohran Mamdani has led opinion polls
since the June primary. Let's bring in
Washington and balance of power
co-anchor Joe Mathieu joining us and
watching of course all that goes on
there on election night. Uh Joe, let's
start with Virginia. What's significant
about this win?
Well, Abigail Spanberger, as you
mentioned, just speaking now here. This
was expected by the way. All the polls
predicted that she would win and so
we're not terribly surprised to see this
one. We'll call this the first one here
on the board and to your point earlier,
a bit of history at play as Abigail
Spanberger becomes the first female
governor of the Old Dominion. This is a
Democratic congresswoman seen by many as
a moderate, a former CIA officer who
worked in the field and has a national
security background. So that really
resonated with the people of Virginia
knowing how many federal employees and
how many members of the military and
other federal agencies live and work
there, many of whom of course have been
furloughed, tens of thousands in this
government shutdown and thousands before
that had been fired by the Doge effort
and Elon Musk. So all of these combined
to lift her up to a position where she
would be the next governor running
against Republican Winsome Earle Sears
who never really got out of the gates
and was behind in the polls from the
get-go. This is one of two gubernatorial
races we're tracking closely with
moderate Democratic women
poised to win their races. New Jersey is
the other and it's a much tighter race
for Mikie Sherrill, a Democratic
congresswoman there up against
Republican Jack Ciattarelli who has the
endorsement of President Trump in a race
that many see as too close to call. This
could take some time in New Jersey and
might be a bit later on this evening
before we know.
Joe, in fact, let me just take you
slightly further than New Jersey. Help
us understand New York. Do we have an
update there? What are we watching
specifically out of New York?
>> it look, this is likely to be a blowout
from any poll that we've seen for Zohran
Mamdani, the Democratic Socialist
self-described who has been running
against Andrew Cuomo,
a legacy name in the Democratic Party,
not just as the former Democratic
governor, but of course his father many
remember here in
the New York area and nationally when it
comes to Republicans. So this is a
strange scenario to be perfectly honest
with you where you have a mainline
Republican
in Curtis Sliwa not making a dent, but
in fact Republicans are endorsing Donald
Trump and others endorsing Andrew Cuomo
as an alternative to Zohran Mamdani, but
it's not likely to make a difference.
Most polls show him ahead by double
digits. The Polymarket gives him a 95%
chance of winning and we're waiting for
this one. We've got another 10 minutes
or so before polls are closed and it
could take a while we New York is to
count the votes. On the other hand, if
this is a blowout on the level that some
have been predicting, we might get a
pretty early call there. So we're
looking in the next hour to figure out
what happens to Manhattan.
Joe, maybe talk big picture here. This
seems to be the first kind of voting
that we've seen since President Trump
returned to the White House back in
2024. How does this set this up for the
midterms later on?
Well, that's going to be the big
conversation when we come out of this
tomorrow. Let's hold on before we see
what some of the other results are.
We've not only got these races we've
already talked about, but Prop 50, the
redistricting vote that's taking place
in California and we're going to have to
wait some time for that. But in the end,
the real conversation for Democrats as
they're considering the midterms is
who's got the playbook? Is it taking the
socialist route of Mamdani in New York
or the moderate route of Abigail
Spanberger in Virginia? There's a pretty
far gap in between and I think the party
is going to need to figure out exactly
how big the tent is and what the message
will be going forward in running against
MAGA Republicans. This is a slightly
different situation than what we've seen
in some of these races this evening and
the midterms are going to be bringing
some pretty ferocious races and some
very expensive ones to the fore.
Joe, thank you so much. Fantastic and
great having you by the way. Thanks for
staying up. Joe Mathieu there of course
our Balance of Power co-anchor in New
York for us giving us an update of
things happening of course that side of
the world.
12 hour Can't we take 12 hours back?
Okay, just an update here of these
markets and yeah, if you're long closure
guys
but if it's too late then just take it
in. There we go. 5% declines,
4 5% on the Nikkei and also on the Kospi
index. Taiwan is far behind but 2.2
[music] is still very negative print
going into the first 51 52 minutes of
the cash market session there. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we got some data too that
just crossed your Bloomberg here when it
comes [music] to of course the Taichung
October services PMI 52.6. That's quite
a good number here and it was beating
estimates of 52.5 slightly there. But
really we are talking about Rating Dog.
I shouldn't say Taichung. My apologies
there. But yes, this is
a little bit more on the stronger side
in terms of where the forecast range was
from some of the economists expected
there. But yes, we are seeing a stronger
number there when it comes to October.
It's easier to say Rating Dog though,
>> [laughter]
>> right? Sometimes I don't know if I
should yeah.
It's it's a definitely interesting name
versus Taichung.
Yeah. One word by the way, yeah. No no
space. No no space.
>> a typo. No. Okay. You know, speaking of
rights, we did get also get the PMI
numbers coming out of Hong Kong, not
from Rating Dog.
And that one actually coming in I think
at the highest level of the year and to
unpack that for us in the next hour is
Goldman Sachs Andrew Tilton who oversees
Asia economics research there for the
bank will be joining us to talk us
through those numbers. Very briefly, so
in case you missed the news overnight,
right? A low-cost Mac, the announcement
coming out of Apple I believe or our
reporting there we go. Ready says
low-cost rival
to rival other laptop players and we are
getting a It's it's hard to buy the way
disentangle whether or not this is tied
to the sell-off or it is not yet. Could
be both. But we are seeing that declines
are there as well. Some of the ETFs
Yeah, we're watching of course Samsung,
SK Hynix and some of the Hong Kong
leverage ETFs that track those stocks
down. We continue to see [music] a big
big drawdown there. There you go.
Double-digit losses for that ETF for
Samsung and
>> [music]
>> SK Hynix down some 14%. The Kospi close
to 5% losses here right now.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. [music] Relatively speaking,
Hong Kong faring a little bit better
than the rest of the region. We're
seeing 1% losses on the Hang Seng. HSI
is only feeling a little bit more just
given that the brunt of the sell-off
that we're seeing across Asia really has
been focused on AI, focused on the chip
stocks, tech, crypto and the like.
That's why you're seeing the Kospi still
seeing one of the biggest losses since
Liberation Day, Dave. Yeah, so we're
just coming off lows a little bit. We
were down almost I think 6% at one
point. Kospi index 39
22. As you can see, the Nikkei is also
taking out the 50,000 handle to the
downside. Not far behind
is the Taiwan markets and if one common
denominator between
all three, I'm not sure what that is,
is that these are the big winners.
Have been the big winners. Still are by
the way. So in in fact just context,
right? The Kospi is down the most in
months. It's back to levels two three
weeks ago, right? So that just give you
a sense of how good this market has
become. Right, some of the big movers
underneath the hood really related
exactly the same story. SoftBank to SK
Hynix to Samsung. We'll get into all of
this in a moment. SoftBank's up 13%.
Hang Seng tech was down already
yesterday closed below this trend line,
even more so today. We'll see whether or
not that does become properly resistance
level. Coming up on your screens.
But suffice to say that we might just
need to look at that for another day. Of
course, there we go. On your screens in
case you're curious what the next level
to watch is on the Hang Seng tech index.
And in terms of factors that have led to
this rally so far last we checked about
10 minutes ago. This is global wide.
This is one day return and as you can
see, growth liquidity revisions and
momentum leading declines across the
equity markets. We're down about 2% on
the MSCI Asia Pacific index.
>> Let's bring in Mark Cranfield. He joins
us live our MI strategist out in
Singapore. Mark, we're just joking about
that comment that came through from the
HKMA then from the likes of David
Solomon from Goldman Sachs, from Ted
Pick from Morgan Stanley. They're saying
a 10 to 20% equity correction for the
next 12 to 24 months is is healthy. I
didn't think it was going to be that big
of a deal. Is it?
Yeah. Well, you should ask him. Do they
still feel healthy today after seeing
all this mess?
I mean this this is starting to get a
little bit ugly here.
Yeah.
I mean, we've been talking for a while
that
AI story was building in some some very
big valuations that people are a bit
concerned about here, but they didn't
really want to be the first one
to do anything about it. And now you're
starting to see a trigger. This this is
clearly an asset liquidation matter.
It's about preserving P&L at the moment
because you can see how quickly it's
transferring
from one space to another. So we're even
in the currency world, one of the the
recent themes has been selling the yen
quite aggressively particularly since
Sanae Takaichi was announced as the LDP
leader and then she became prime
minister. If you look at how far the yen
has fallen just in that period of time
and now that's starting to unwind. So
anywhere where people had leverage
positions where things were starting to
look like a little bit like a one-way
trade, all of that is starting to unwind
now. And people are just trying to cash
in, save P&L where they can until they
they sense that things are are going to
get better. Typically that doesn't
happen in Asia. What we would need to to
is the equities to stabilize first and
then there'll be more chance that Asia
will follow after that. It looks as
though
this is going to run into the European
day. It'll be a pretty ugly start for
European equities.
If we see some stability in the US, if
people think that this is a dip, they
should be buying, it's gone far enough,
then we will see better days ahead in
Asia. But if if US continues to in the
same theme as we're seeing in Asia
today, it's going to be a while before
it unravels. Exactly where the right
place for people to get back in, that's
anybody's guess, really. But we still
have a couple of weeks to go before
Nvidia's earnings. People would expect
those to be decent. It's a question of
changing the narrative back towards
looking for the positives
rather than looking for the bearish
triggers. Clearly today, people just
want to see the bad news.
The the list of shares that you posted
up earlier with all the big losers, one
that was noticeably missing was
Nintendo. Nintendo gained 10% at the
opening today. So clearly, people are
not interested in stocks which are going
up. They only want to talk about the
ones which are going down.
Yeah, well, I I I blame my producers for
that because they picked out that list,
Mark. I'm kidding, of course. I love my
producers. We love our producers, of
course. Guilty, I was the one who
actually came up with that list. We'll
talk about Nintendo in a moment. Mark,
as you were actually just talking, quite
fittingly,
um on the Nasdaq, it actually crossed
-1% as you were talking about what the
US session might look like. What do you
think the US session would look like
Wednesday, Mark?
Um it's probably going to start badly.
It'll be very It'll be very surprising.
Typically, when you see a 1% move in
Asian time for Nasdaq, it's pretty big.
We don't often get that kind of a
sell-off.
That will certainly spook people when US
market in the cash market start trading
later today. So you would expect it will
start on a bad footing. As the day
progresses, maybe you will get something
from people like Donald Trump or Scott
Bessent trying to to improve the mood in
markets. You may even get some of those
same CEOs who sounded a bit defensive
yesterday. Maybe they'll say, "Well, we
saw this coming anyway, and this is what
we expected. It's all just very
healthy."
There's There's plenty of room for
supportive comments to come out during
the US day.
There may even be talk that the US
shutdown is starting to come towards the
end. I believe in the next couple of
hours,
we're going to announce that the
shutdown is the longest on record. If we
don't see a sudden change. Well, that
should galvanize
people into really wanting to get it
solved. So maybe we'll see something
positive on the shutdown.
We could even see some other companies
talking about more deals in the AI
space. We've seen lots of
big transactions recently in that way.
There's plenty of things that could
improve the mood in the US market, but
it will probably start badly.
Mhm.
Mark, thank you uh for the positive
note. Mark Cranfield in Singapore for
us. Um
earlier on, you know, the focus is
really on this Korean market. We're down
about, let's call it 5%. So the headline
that crossed about 35 minutes back,
South Korea halting sell orders for the
program trading on the Kosdaq market. To
help us understand market mechanics
given the price moves already, here in
Seoul with us our Asia equities reporter
Sammi Chua joins us to talk through the
sell-off here in Korea and what we're
watching there today. Yeah, so the
sidecar is triggered when the futures on
the Kospi or Kosdaq drops below 5% from
last night at last night's close, right?
But the next in line would be the
circuit breaker. And if we are hearing
actually some of the trading desks talk
about this right now. Um it's when uh
the gauge drops more than 8% and the
trading is halted for 20 minutes, right?
So I I I think it's pairing a little
bit. So the the losses. So we're not
we're not going to go there, but it
could happen. So and then when when that
happens, it's it comes in stages. So um
8% and then the next is 15. So you will
have the 20 minutes of no sell, no buy
uh for those gauges.
And I think a lot of it started with
what we heard from the exchange on
Monday about SK Hynix given this I mean,
it's basically gone upwards and
continued on. I mean
>> almost vertical. What what do we look
for next in terms of that stock now?
>> Yeah, SK Hynix, it's the biggest um HBM
provider for Nvidia, right? And uh it's
risen 200% over 200% this year, and uh
the investment caution from the Korea
exchange actually was quite of a rare
instance for these mega caps because
they do do that for some of the Kosdaq
listing uh stocks, but um it means just,
you know, investors telling investors to
proceed with caution. But again, there
are some other next caution cautionary
measures, right? So that would actually
trigger some of the um trading halts for
it some of the individual stocks as
well. And we're actually seeing some of
the moves in um inverse and uh and the
leverage ETFs especially uh listed in
Hong Kong, some of the wild sell-off
there. So Kospi is correcting, but
they're still saying this is a healthy
correction for now, but we'll have to
watch whether this continues.
All right, Sammi. Thank you, Sammi Chua,
there. Joining us, our Asia equities
reporter. We are also on track. We're
looking at my terminal here right now,
and we're expected to hear more from
Chinese Premier Li Qiang. He is
addressing the China International
Import Expo now underway in Shanghai.
The event is one of President Xi
Jinping's flagship initiatives in the
showcasing the country's domestic demand
potential. That's where our chief North
Asia correspondent Stephen Engle is. He
joins us live from the venue. Uh I mean,
you've been all over the place, Steve.
We're expected to hear a little bit more
from from Li Qiang. What do we know so
far?
I'm looking forward to hearing more from
Li Qiang as well. He is speaking here at
CIIE right now, but the audio is down,
so I can't hear it. So we'll have to
rely largely on the Bloomberg terminal,
which is a very reliable source, of
course. There he is up on the monitors
right now. I guess if I had the
headphones, I'd be able to hear him. But
what is he talking about? Essentially
this, Yvonne and David, which is the
front page of the Shanghai Daily talking
about CIIE welcomes the world. And we
had a story on the Bloomberg terminal
yesterday about uh Wang Wentao
Wang Wentao, the commerce uh minister,
as well as Li Qiang, I'm sure, is
reaffirming this, a new campaign by the
Chinese government. Essentially, it's a
promotional campaign where they will
pick between five and six different
countries every year to promote uh the
Chinese market as an import export
destination for those countries, an
import destination for those products.
Essentially, uh this promotional
campaign is intended to alleviate a lot
of the concerns in developing nations
where Chinese exports have really uh
dominated, and there's raised a lot of
concerns uh that it's not reciprocal,
that the those developing nations do not
have a reciprocal market in China. This
campaign is going to be called the big
market for all. So again, boosting um
you know, or or alleviating that trade
imbalance, which is expected a surplus
expected to rise to another record this
year in China. Uh they need to boost
domestic demand, and that is also part
and parcel with this campaign. More
Chinese buying products, they need to
import more, and you get an export
destination for many of these developing
nations.
Steve, fantastic. Thank you so much. Uh
Stephen Engle there, our chief North
Asia correspondent. Uh as Steve was just
mentioning there, of course, Chinese
Premier Li Qiang is beginning his
keynote speech.
Let's listen in.
Over the past decades, the world economy
has achieved the fastest growth in
history.
This is to a large extent due to the
commitment to mutual benefit and free
trade
and to concrete actions to connect
markets,
complement each other with respective
strengths, and share opportunities among
others.
Common development was given a strong
boost as a result.
At a time when world economic growth is
slowing down and international disputes
are heightened, it is all the more
important for us to stay committed to
equal and mutually beneficial
cooperation,
embrace free trade,
and resolve differences and problems
through pursuing development together.
China China stands ready
to work with all parties
to foster a more open and inclusive
development environment,
increase trade and investment
liberalization and facilitation,
and promote stable and unimpeded global
industrial and supply chains
so as to pool strengths for economic
development.
Second,
we should pursue the greater good
and defend international fairness and
justice.
The past few years have seen a surge in
trade restrictions around the world,
making it more difficult for
multinational corporations
to do business
and harming the interests of many
countries, especially those in the
developing world.
This is largely a result of zero-sum
mindset
that only puts one's own interests first
and overlooks the greater good.
The Chinese people
always stress that a gentleman should
pursue his wealth through honorable
means.
In a world where the future of all
countries is closely interlinked,
stability and sustainable development of
any particular country cannot be
achieved by seeking unilateral wins or
gaining at the expense of others.
Instead,
countries need to balance their own
interests with the greater good.
When needed,
prioritize the latter over the former.
This requires the broad-mindedness and a
sense of responsibility to put the
general welfare of the international
community first.
Only when all its members help each
other and pull together, can the world
family embrace a bright future full of
hope.
Even as the market is becoming a scarce
resource in the last few years,
China remains committed to expanding
import with an open and inclusive
mindset
and sharing with the rest of the world
China's immense market.
This in itself is an example of how
China cares about the greater good and
shoulders its responsibilities.
China is ready to work with all sides to
strengthen solidarity and collaboration,
reject block confrontation, and strive
for more inclusive and balanced
development that benefits all.
Third,
we should advance governance reform and
improve the system of international
trade rules.
What Chinese people always say that it
takes good rules to make good outcomes.
Without fair and effective governance
system,
it will be hard for the global economy
and trade to enjoy steady development.
If our countries to have legitimate
rights and interests protected,
we all know that
since the beginning of this year, the
word tariff has made global headlines.
A raft of measures
have been taken to sever supply chains
or erect barriers.
This has seriously undermined
international trade rules and disrupted
the operation of companies globally.
In this context,
it is
particularly imperative
and urgent for us to strengthen global
economic governance and improve the
system of relevant rules.
In September this year,
President Xi Jinping put forth the
Global Governance Initiative, GGI,
an initiative
that provides important guidance
for improving global economic
governance.
China will work with all sides to
actively put the GGI into practice in
international trade.
With the commitment
With the commitment to multilateralism
and basic norms governing international
relations,
we will work to reform the global
economic and trading system,
improve the WTO-centered multilateral
trading system,
and
make
trade rules fairer,
more reasonable, and transparent so that
they will serve common development.
All these are aimed at providing a
stronger underpinning for all countries
to develop and thrive together under
better rules.
Ladies and gentlemen, friends,
I believe you'll
all noted
that weeks ago,
the 20th Central Committee of the
Communist Party of China at its fourth
plenary session deliberated on and
adopted the recommendations for the 15th
5-Year Plan,
mapping out
the top-level design and strategic
blueprint for China's economic and
social development in the coming 5
years.
For China, making and executing plans is
an important experience for economic and
social development.
And this plenary session
has injected more certainty for China's
economic and social development for the
coming period.
This could be seen
from two aspects.
First,
it provides the certainty of
development.
China will continue to prioritize
economic development [music]
and focus our efforts on pursuing
high-quality development with special
emphasis on expanding domestic demand,
especially on boosting consumption,
which is to fully unleash the potential
of its mega market of over 1.4 billion
people.
In the meantime, China will foster
and strengthen
new growth drivers in the digital,
green, and intelligent sectors at a
faster pace,
which is set to create a number of new
industries at the 100 billion yuan or
even 1 trillion yuan level.
We will put
more intensive and effective micro
policies and reform measures in light of
the goals set out in the plan to push
for steady economic growth.
In 5 years,
the Chinese economy is expected to
surpass
170 trillion yuan,
which
new significant contributions to global
growth.
This is
the first point, the certainty of
development. And second, the certainty
of openness.
China will firmly advance high-standard
opening up,
steadily expand institutional opening
up,
and introduce
more measures of voluntary and
unilateral opening up.
We will promote pilot programs to open
the telecommunications and medical
sectors
as well as
comprehensive trials and demonstrations
for expanding opening up of the service
sector.
We will host a series of thematic events
to share opportunities with the world,
help
high-quality
goods and services access China's mega
market.
Meanwhile, we will take further steps to
make China a favored destination for
foreign investment
and to ensure that foreign businesses
feel more at ease, convenient, and
confident
about their operations in China.
As China marches toward greater
modernization, it will surely bring more
certainty
stability and positive energy for the
entire world.
Openness and cooperation
hold
the golden key to development and
prosperity.
We sincerely hope
that more friends at home and abroad
will use the CIIE as a bridge and
platform
to step up communication and deepen
cooperation
to continue writing new chapters of
mutual benefit and win-win on the
vibrant land of China. Thank you.
>> [music]
>> All right, you were just listening to Li
Qiang, the premier there in that keynote
speech at, of course, the China
International Import Expo and really
relaying this message of cooperation,
multilateralism, and really talking
about the need for other economies to,
yeah, cooperate when it comes to trade.
So, certainly as they're boosting
consumption, they want to realize the
potential of the big market. Decoupling
recently affected companies' normal
operations, but overall upholding
cooperation amidst this global economic
slowdown. Let's bring in Steve. He is
there at, of course, the Expo in
Shanghai. Steve, what stood out to you?
Well, true to form, he kept it pretty
economic in length. Obviously, it was
about little less than 20 minutes, which
is true to form as he is usually gives
the keynote speech to open up CIIE, and
he got right to the point. Essentially
being a champion of free trade and also
a proponent of the multilateral
rules-based trading. And did slam, he
didn't mention the United States, but
did slam protectionism and the mentality
of zero-sum mentality. So, again, he was
talking about boosting consumption, as
you rightfully said, and they're opening
this market further. Again, as I said,
you know, a few minutes ago, they
launched this new campaign through the
Commerce Minister Wang Wentao, the big
market for all, trying to make China a
good destination for developing nations,
which have, let's face it, been flooded
with Chinese exports and excess
industrial capacity. They are also
saying, we can reciprocate by you
selling your products into China. We
will promote these kind of
programs in five or six different
countries every year and then renewed
every single year. So essentially this
is a big push by the Chinese. They have
to import more to alleviate that record
trade surplus that they're likely to
post again this year. But part and
parcel with that is also boosting
domestic consumption. Those goods have
to be bought by people here in China.
Households need to play a bigger
contribution to national GDP. It's right
around 40% now. Some say there needs to
be a target of around 50% contribution
to GDP by Chinese household. So lots to
chew on here from
Li Qiang. Except this is not necessarily
new ground. He is reaffirming
what China has been saying especially
coming off that very high profile trade
truce between Xi Jinping and Donald
Trump last week in Korea.
Steve, thank you for the summary there.
Stephen Engle our chief North Asia
correspondent. In in fact is coming up
here in the show. We'll try and unpack
really what it means the path between
where China is currently and how they
get there
with Goldman Sachs Andrew Tilton. In
fact on the back of the fourth plenum
and the read out there they actually
upgraded their growth forecast for China
to quite a bit in fact further out even
more so going into 2026 and 2027 to
4.8%.
>> some of the big revisions were were the
the biggest ones I think in a decade. I
think since Andrew Tilton actually works
there. So certainly is one to watch and
to talk a little bit more about the
rationale behind that forecast. Take a
look at what comes to markets though. We
continue to see that wake up call from
some of these Wall Street CEOs that
happened at the HKMI yesterday seems to
waking up the market on these frothy
valuations around tech. Take a look at
the Kospi where we're off the lows,
right? But we're still talking about 4
and 1/2 percent or more losses here.
Nikkei as was as they mentioned we're
we've broken below that 50,000
psychological level. HS Tech Taiwan also
seeing 2% losses. There you go. Nasdaq
futures are down some 1%. Mark context
on this tech sell-off right now. Let's
bring in our Asia tech correspondent
Bell here with us with a few reasons
behind these declines and maybe we can
start with AMD.
Yes, so we had the earnings out and
essentially they
It's really tough because actually they
did well, but they didn't do well enough
to impress the loftiest of expectations.
And we've sort of seen this a few times
because they had a beat for the third
quarter. Their revenue projection for
the fourth quarter as well is going to
be nine or it is 9.6 billion dollars.
The average actually was 9.2 billion. So
you were ahead of the average, but the
loftiest was 9.9 and that's the issue is
that they didn't meet that point and so
off that there was a lot of questions
that were that were fielded in the
earnings call as well and we'll get more
details next week. But essentially
concerns around how they're growing that
AI business. I mean one of the biggest
deals we've seen recently is Oracle and
also the deal with
open AI rather and they're planning to
use AMD chips for that data center build
out. Obviously analysts want to see more
of that. The PC business actually the
processor business is actually doing
better for AMD instead of the AI server
business or the AI chips that are used
for AI accelerators. But essentially the
hope here is that
that Oracle or AMD rather can crack
Nvidia's dominance in the market.
It seems like it's going to take a
little bit longer than maybe some had
wanted on Wall Street. All right.
Annabelle, thank you. Annabelle Jewelers
there. Of course it wasn't just AMD. It
was also Palantir as well that really
kind of led to that sell-off here. We've
got some breaking news now when it comes
to New Jersey and that gubernatorial
race there. According to the Associated
Press the Democrat Sherrill has won that
governor race here as well. So we've
already marked Virginia. Another
Democrat that has won there as well. So
that's what we have in the latest. We'll
bring you up to date on of course those
US elections the off year elections
coming up as well. But yes, there's a
lot of questions about what this means,
right? I mean this is the first time in
terms of what voters can actually
vote on whether they can show their
contentment or disappointment with
President Trump ever since he took
office and this has big implications of
course for the midterm elections coming
Yeah, the first ballot exercise since of
course he took back the White House and
I guess maybe just on the issues
specifically to what
everyone was just mentioning there and
what what people are voting on for
example. So
politically moderate former Navy
helicopter pilot of course Mikie
Sherrill here campaigned on things like
affordability [music]
amid voters fatigue with high utility
bills for example. Maybe some of that a
snapshot there
maybe what one is voting on. Vladimir
head this is Bloomberg.
Some unilateral and protectionist
measures
had had severe impact on the
international economic and trade order
disrupted the world economy
and brought great challenges
to the development of many countries.
That was Chinese Premier [music]
Li Qiang speaking. In fact this is a few
minutes ago I believe maybe still is
at the ongoing China International
Import Expo
in Shanghai that really goes into and
you're looking at on your screens these
these revised forecasts plural
out of Goldman Sachs. It's the same
theme that they're doing in in China of
course talking to the trading partners.
The theme of course at the conference
itself is is is on external trade.
And this really comes on the back of the
fourth plenum and the read out there and
the upgraded role that China is now
putting things like advanced
manufacturing
that sort of thing. So Goldman came out
shortly after and said, you know what?
Growth forecast need to be bumped up. In
fact when you look at these things
further out there. Yeah, let's bring in
of course Andrew Tilton chief Asia
Pacific economist at Goldman Sachs and
of course
they're on that revision. I mean this is
quite a big jump from what you had
previously. What's behind it, Andrew?
>> Yes, these are a big increase in the
forecast over the next few years. Really
three things behind that. First, we've
had better trade momentum year-to-date
than even we expected and we thought we
were reasonably optimistic. Second, the
five-year plan really emphasized
continued focus on manufacturing,
technology, exports. So policy makers
clearly want that to remain part of the
growth driver over the next several
years.
And then third of course we had the
Trump-Xi meeting. The reduction in US
tariffs that was confirmed today. And
frankly we think it's less likely we'll
see tariff escalation both by the US and
other countries in part because China's
demonstrated some leverage with its rare
earth export controls. So that also
should give China a slightly better
export runway in the years ahead.
I think yeah, you're right. It lowers
the probability of tariffs coming back
up because of that
you know that that that ace that they
have. So help us understand this. So in
the next three years would it be
accurate to say based on the information
now that exports will lead Chinese
growth over the next two three years? We
upgraded our export forecast from about
two or three percent volume growth a
year to five to six. So yes, that will
continue to be a important driver. That
still marks a slowdown from where we've
been. We've had extraordinary you know
growth in exports over the past couple
years. But we just think that slowdown
will be more gradual than we did before.
And when it comes to boosting
consumption I think they they mention
it. But the the way that the growth
model they're looking forward to is
really kind of
they're relying on this whole
manufacturing advanced manufacturing.
It's going to lead to them to be a a
tech superpower in a way that's going to
boost profits, you know, widen the tax
base and then boost up incomes, right?
And this whole kind of new quality
productive forces. How do you think
that's going to work?
Well, there's some extra benefits to
being a manufacturing superpower. Of
course as you mentioned you have the
direct benefits in in terms of growth,
investment and some employment in those
sectors. But then you get
security benefits on the side in terms
of you know areas that we can leverage
you know potentially things like the
rare earth export controls that have
already been announced. Obviously spill
overs potentially to other things like
defense that could be relevant. And
policy makers continue to emphasize
self-reliance.
They want to rely less on imports or key
technologies from the rest of the world.
So manufacturing is really at the hub of
all of that and continues to be a huge
focus. Consumption is a nice to have,
but maybe more of a nice to have than a
need to have from their perspective.
>> Interesting.
In previous years the the manufacturing
base and I think when I say previous
years you have to go somewhat back
really benefited the likes of Japan and
Germany. You know, capital goods
exporters to China for them to be able
to base. And you mentioned
self-reliance.
Do you think we'll see less of that
specific trade flow from those capital
goods exporters? Are they going to
produce most of that themselves now?
That's the goal.
They'll probably still be a little bit
more imports in a few years from now
than there are today simply because
China's a growing economy. It's growing
faster than the rest of the world or
likely to
and and some of those exports will embed
imported components. So it'd be hard to
see export growth at that pace without
any increase in imports. But policy
makers definitely want to avoid a
over-reliance on any one country or
company outside of China for key
machinery or or other inputs. But they
already are exporting
you know, cheap goods into other nations
that are already you know, in some ways
disrupting their domestic industries. I
mean are you expected to see you know,
this growth is going to continue in
China, but at what cost, right? That's a
very important implication for other
economies both those that directly
compete with China for exports and and
those that don't. You know, for other
mid to upper income export oriented
economies, they may face even tougher
export competition from some of the top
Chinese firms. So, they'll find it more
difficult to grow. I'm particularly
thinking of a few economies in Asia.
Could be places like Korea, some places
in Southeast Asia, but also Europe and
Eastern Europe. Those are places that we
find have the most overlap with Chinese
exports.
I think in other countries, there are
definitely benefits from getting cheaper
Chinese goods in terms of lower
inflation and you know, better real
consumer purchasing power. But then
there are also spillover to the local
manufacturers. Will they face, you know,
a tougher environment and have a harder
time growing? With with the upgrade that
you guys have put in into next year, the
year after that, I mean,
the other side to that, if I could ask
you about those other economies, is it
too early or do we have enough
information now to Would you be able to
downgrade then growth for those
economies like Do we have enough
information? Because it's it's not
purely zero-sum to your point.
>> It's not purely zero-sum, but there are
potential drags on other export
economies. Some of those, I think to
varying degrees, are factored in. And to
some extent, as you noted, you know,
we'll have to see how this plays out. I
mean, it it can be very specific to
particular companies or technologies. If
foreign companies remain in the cutting
edge, say in the AI space, where the,
you know, most advanced lot chips are
fabricated in Taiwan and and and where
you have, you know, high bandwidth
memory coming from Korea, you know, if
to the extent that remains the case,
those will be important, you know,
growth drivers for those economies. But
to the extent ultimately,
Chinese firms are able to move into
those areas, there could be implications
for growth outside of China.
>> Okay, hold on a second, Andrew. Got some
breaking news when it comes to this kind
of off-year election day that's
happening in the US in several states.
And we're getting more news now from the
state of New York. So, this is according
to the AP that Zohran Mamdani, this is
the independent Oh, this is the
Democratic nominee that has
[clears throat] won the mayoral race in
New York City. This was highly expected.
He basically has led uh most of the
opinion polls, if not all, and has lead
has uh has lead narrative of late, but
the outcome uh certainly has been now
confirmed. Uh certainly this is going to
be a big one here when it comes to
Democrats and really having a lot of
national importance, this mayoral race
in New York City. And this could be
really the bellwether to the future of
the Democratic Party. Yeah, uh we'll see
what this means. And certainly the
this is the first tangible
uh set of measurable progress going in
Well, following, of course, elections
last year, this time last year, almost,
and going into uh the midterms, of
course, which will be taking place
almost this time this time next year, of
course.
>> Yeah, so certainly that's one to watch
here this morning, of course. And of
course, we'll we'll watch more for
details of other states that are
happening and their voting is underway
here this evening in the US as well.
Bring back Andrew Tilton. Uh
you know, given the fact that you have
these rosy forecasts for 2026, 2027,
what does it mean for the policy side of
things? Are we likely to see less policy
then and stimulus? We think we'll get a
little more policy easing in 2026
because, again, so much of this year's
growth has been driven by exports. We're
continuing to anticipate a boost from
exports, but not as large as we saw in
2024-25.
So, policy makers will probably need to
do a little bit more to support
consumption. This could include, you
know, more funding for the social safety
net. It could include measures on
housing, although we don't expect to see
some sort of large-scale housing
bailout. We expect policy makers to
largely, you know, watch and just avoid,
you know, a sharper, further slowdown.
One of the important sub themes here is
that the drag from housing is
diminishing. So, the housing sector is
still declining, but at a slower rate.
And so, the negative effect of that on
growth is going to be diminishing over
the next few years. Okay. Is it How do
we look at the wealth effect though? I
mean, from a mathematical perspective,
it might not it might be mattering less.
And you're not seeing it in the equity
market. It's not really transferring
that well either at this
>> no, no, not at all. So, I'm wondering if
from a policy perspective, how do they
approach the You know, just the debate
on subsidies, for example, and and those
kinds of things. I think you'd see a
similar theme there where you had huge
declines in property prices the first in
a couple of years earlier. Those price
declines are
still occurring, but at a slower rate.
And also, you have the equity market
doing much better over the past year.
So, that's welcome, but equities are
still a much smaller percentage of
household balance sheet than housing.
So, this is partly offsetting, but we
haven't really seen a big net positive
household wealth effect, at least not
yet. Andrew, great to have you. Andrew
Tilton there, chief Asia Pacific
economist at Goldman Sachs. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we are bringing you live
pictures in New York City here right
now. [music] Of course, celebration is
underway where the Democratic nominee is
Zohran Mamdani has won in that New York
City mayoral race. Let's bring in, of
course, and it really does complete a
winning night for Democrats as we talk
about what's happening in New Jersey, in
Virginia as well. Let's bring in our
Bloomberg Balance of Power co-anchor Joe
Mathieu joining us in New York. Joe,
give us the latest.
>> Yeah, it does appear to be a sweep here
for Democrats this evening, at least in
the the three major races that we have
been watching. When we spoke earlier,
Virginia had been called already for
Democrat Abigail Spanberger, the new
governor. Then New Jersey followed just
a short time ago, Democrat Mikey
Sherrill, the race called for the next
governor of New Jersey. And a pretty
remarkable spread here with Mikey
Sherrill beating Republican Jack
Ciattarelli by well more than 10 points,
56 to 43%.
And now in New York, not a surprise to
see Zohran Mamdani win, but it is a bit
of a moment here to see it called so
early. And by the way, actually a more
narrow gap than some of us expected and
what the polls were showing. Mamdani
with just over 50% of the votes and
Andrew Cuomo topping 40%. He's got more
than 41% of the vote here. Republican
Curtis Sliwa with just over 7%.
Remembering that Donald Trump told
Republicans to vote Cuomo, even though
he's actually a long-time Democrat
running as an independent in this race.
The idea was to do anything to beat
Mamdani, but that, of course, was not a
successful endeavor. And Donald Trump
now has the foil he was preparing for, a
man who he calls a communist, a Marxist,
in fact, a self-described Democratic
Socialist. Zohran Mamdani will be
addressing a very excited and very
packed room of supporters here shortly.
That Yeah, absolutely. I think we were
just showing, Joe, that watch party just
now.
Uh you can almost feel the
the exuberance that's taking place there
and the and the bliss in the room. So,
is it, Joe, the
Is there anything from what's taking
place so far that, I guess, informs us
of how the midterms this time next year
likely to play out? Or is it too early?
Well, it's always early. And look, it's
it's it's up to us here to try to figure
out what of this night is is actually
something that we can extrapolate
nationally. And it really might not be
in New York. It would have been very
difficult for a Democratic Socialist to
win any of the other races we're talking
about. And I'll note we're still waiting
for results from California, where the
Prop 50 redistricting effort is still
undecided. But there's going to be a
conversation in the Democratic Party
about who's got the winning playbook
here. Zohran Mamdani as a Democratic
Socialist in New York, is that the new
message for the Democratic Party? Or is
it the moderate Democrats who won
governors' races in Virginia and New
Jersey? Maybe it's something in the
middle. We spoke earlier today with the
chair of the Democratic National
Committee. Ken Martin spoke to the big
tent and the fact that you need
different candidates like these to win
in different places. Downtown Manhattan
is a lot different than downtown
Richmond or Trenton even for that
matter. So, we're seeing a couple of new
approaches play differently for
Democrats and they seem to be working.
When you wake up tomorrow, you're going
to hear a lot of people talk about how
this was a check on Donald Trump. And in
some cases, that's true, but there was
more at hand when it came to the
candidates and their local proposals in
these three races than national
politics. And that's what we'll be
dissecting moving forward.
Yeah, we've gone through the three. Are
there any ones that you are still on
your radar now, Joe, tonight?
>> Like I said, California is a big one and
we could even say that it's more
important than any of the races that
we're talking about. If this passes as
it's expected, Prop 50 will allow
California to redraw its congressional
map as a check on the effort by
Republicans in the state of Texas. And
what's happening in California could
also set up Governor Gavin Newsom as the
Democratic nominee for president a few
more years from now. You're looking
ahead to midterms. A lot of people in
Washington are wondering who will be the
presidential nominee. And of course,
it's way too early to tell that. But
this is something that Gavin Newsom had
to win for him to be taken seriously as
a credible candidate moving forward. And
it may prompt other states to do the
same. The reason why this is so big is
because the map that will dictate the
midterm elections is being rewritten
before our eyes this evening and that
will have a lasting effect nationally.
Interesting. Uh Joe, thank you so much.
Joe Mathieu there, Bloomberg's Balance
of Power co-anchor joining us uh there
in New York this morning. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> One trading debut in Hong Kong today not
doing so well. We're talking about
Seres, of course. This is the EV maker,
Huawei partnered,
one of has the most popular luxury car
in China. So, not the first is good
first day of school here. We're seeing
the stock down some 5%. But, Seres
president John Zhang says the company
will use funds from this Hong Kong
listing to boost research, development,
and AI. It's looking to enhance features
that have already made it a leader in
China's luxury auto market. See Mengel
reports from the Seres factory in
Chongqing.
>> [music]
>> The speed at which upstart Chinese car
maker Seres built its third and largest
factory represents just how fast it's
risen to the top of China's luxury EV
segment. The Chongqing plant spreads
across a million square meters built in
just one year from breaking ground to
start of production of what has been a
groundbreaking 4-year-old tie-up with
tech giant Huawei. Okay, we're going to
go get the president. Which has its
Harmony fingerprint all through these
cars. It's been quite a meteoric rise
for the once small minivan maker Seres
with its Aito brand. This is its
flagship M9, fairly large SUV that
should be giving the established foreign
luxury car makers like Mercedes and BMW
a bit of a scare, actually quite a big
scare. This car was the number one
seller in the luxury segment last year
beating the likes of Mercedes, beating
BMW. So, this is what the new luxury
customer in China wants. High fashion,
high value,
high tech. I think the Chinese EV market
in general scares the dickens out of all
of the foreign players that are trying
to stay relevant here in China. People
likes intelligence. Likes to
play cars with mobile phones. Seres
president John Zhang says proceeds from
the Hong Kong listing will be put toward
further R&D, in safety, automation,
[music] and connectivity, tapping
China's own supply chains and homegrown
tech, and offering gadgety perks today's
discerning buyers demand. Actually, our
cars you can drive to a
let's say a parking lot
to the elevators. Get out and then
>> You get out and you go and the car will
find a spot to
park itself. This is the new kind of
luxury. And while other EV makers in
China are mired in a damaging price war,
the profitable Seres hasn't [music]
followed suit with its $70,000 Aito M9.
We haven't lowered a penny. Aided by the
fact most in China see Aito as
essentially a premium Huawei EV without
the Huawei badge, an advantage it might
not otherwise have in western markets
because [music] of US sanctions against
Huawei. We partnered up in the difficult
times.
We're going to help each other. They are
probably the most successful player
within the luxury market allowing them
to stay above the fray in the ongoing
trade war. In large part due to
advancements in physical AI. In the
factory where more than 3,000 robots can
help turn out a car every 30 seconds.
And beyond the dash where Seres has
Harmony assisted driving rivals Tesla's
latest FSD, at least in China where
lidar [music] is standard and local road
training has a head start. Nevertheless,
authorities are dialing back industry
promises of full autonomy until safety
is assured. Human drive plus assisted
driving system together
is the best
solution. Along with just possibly a
humanoid sidekick of a different kind.
If you have a maid or you have a servant
it is luxury. But, in the future
when intelligence redefines this luxury
it's going to be a robot.
A butler bot assistant riding shotgun
may be the next luxury must-have. See
Mengel, Bloomberg News, Chongqing.
Fantastic. Fantastic package there from
from Steve's. And hopefully, you want
the dad joke, Yvonne? Always. Okay. So,
hopefully the declines today in Seres
are a one-off and not a series of future
declines.
Okay, easy easy go. Let me tell you
about. We're still waiting for some
inflation numbers coming out of
Thailand, third quarter GDP in
Indonesia, retail sales out of Singapore
as well. We did get those Hong Kong PM9
numbers. They were actually quite strong
for September at 51.2.
And really pretty decent numbers when it
comes to the the rating dog private
gauge numbers out of China, China, too.
Yeah, it really underscores the I guess
the comeback of services, right? So,
when you look at Hong Kong, for example,
the GDP print which came out, which
really beat estimates, number one.
Forward-looking indicator of this,
highest level of 2025 so far. And then
the PMIs from mainland China. So, we now
have a complete set
for October. So, following the the miss
on the manufacturing side, on the
official front, services seems to be
standing out as one that is positive.
And as you can see, 52.6 and
non-manufacturing still holding on the
official side of numbers above 50 here.
>> Yeah, so I think a solid improvement
when it comes to domestic demand, right?
When you talk about holiday spending and
travel by some of these households now
and really kind of insulating the
industry from this kind of deepening
economic slowdown you're seeing that at
least you're seeing some green shoots
when it comes to domestic spending.
We'll see that continues, if that
strength continues in the months ahead.
But, certainly that's going to be a key
focus for policy makers whether they can
actually unlock more demand, of course,
from consumers.
>> Yeah, which is what Andrew Tilton from
Goldman underscored for us just a few
minutes ago. From from Eco, let's turn
our attention back to markets and really
what's still a very bad day, although
we're coming off lows as you can see. We
were down as much as 6%. We're now down
just four, which is
quite a good one following where we were
just about an hour back. We spoke with
CLSA earlier, the deputy head of Korea
research, Jong Min Shim, about what's
really going on in Korea today. Have a
listen.
At
um
beginning of the Seres correction, I
think there this is a healthy
correction, I would say, cuz there have
been
uh you know, ongoing concerns in the AI
and you know, cos PR we see have done a
a very um strong performance um in
October. And with that, we have had the
APEC summit last week, which removed the
uncertainties around the tariff
concerns. So, I think overall,
um there's lack of catalyst in the near
term, whereas the all the positives were
well reflected and known in the market.
So, they don't seem that worried.
Um watch for I think Nvidia numbers are
the next one to watch here, right?
>> a few weeks time. So, you know, in the
near term maybe there's is not going to
be that catalyst on whether it is time
to actually buy or on this dip or
whatnot. But, you take a look at what it
comes to Nasdaq 100 futures, right? They
continue to be down about 6/10 of 1%. We
come off from the initial lows. So,
maybe things could look a little bit
relatively speaking better when Wall
Street opens up on this Wednesday
morning. But, as Mark Cranfield said,
initially it might actually get pretty
ugly at the get-go. Yeah, especially in
Europe. So, we need to get through the
next few hours, 1% [music] declines
there. That's it from us here today.
This is the China show. We'll see you
all tomorrow.